girl we need to move on and we need to
get us some new jobs listen y'all I got
the inside scoop on the biggest video
just to hit the airwaves the video dance
girl of the world it's a sound from God
how many cenotes we talkin here
$10,000 new mind cinema presents even
Lord George big move how did you get
past security a movie about two friends
follow me on the way up uncle is a very
sick man yes I'm not making a music
video this job involves an old man to
make sure that his days are filled
kindness I give it up nobody no no
they're gonna show the other half Kiesha
Jenkins what a bad hair way how to live
I know you like golf and stuff but you
really need to be watching DET everybody
don't forget my ice cube CD manly a two
pack too short the dog tongue and pull
up to the bumper
hey buddy pack your toys you know how
these won't please
they've got to feel like they got a
choice in everything what say we go on a
shopping spree
this spring he's so cool you down with
us for the ladies in the house
who could be calling it this term me
he says you're tripping cause you're in
Hollywood and he hopes you don't get
played that's ten of you better hope his
mother will be playing hello sir
she hopes your mama don't get played